# ROC - overwiev
To test how good ones method segmentation is, and to find the best threshold values to apply top the distance images, one can create reciever operator characteristics (ROC). The **runROC.py** script creates an ROC for distance images. 
To run it needs three arguments:
- A distance image, generated by the segmentation that we want to test.
- A mask indicating the pixels in the image, where the segmentation should result in a positive classification.
- A mask indicating the pixels in the image, where the segmentation should result in a negative classification.

The command for running this script therefore takes the following form:


```bash
    $ python3 color-based-imagesegmentation/run_ROC.py [path to distance image]  [path to positive mask] [path to negative mask]
```

The positive mask for this program must be a **.tif** file with pixel value 255 indicating the places in the distance image, for which the segmentation should find the class of interest, and 0 elsewhere.
The negative mask for this program must be a \verb|.tif| file with pixel value 255 indicating the places in the distance image, for which the segmentation should **NOT** find the class of interest, and 0 elsewhere.

On completion the program will create a plot of the (False Positive Rate,True Positive Rate) for different threshold values, as well as approximating the area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule.

In some cases it is more interesting to plot (True Positive Rate, Precision) of the segmentation. In these case one can use the optional argument 
```bash
--plot_options precision
```

